The Joe Rogan experience. Why, why are they mad at you?
Is it just the articles that you've written?
Because somebody told me that you had been accused of doxing people.
Is that true?
Absolutely not true. So this is such an outrageous defamatory claims.
So what happened was, uh, on may day at that riot,
there was one of the Antifa women, uh,
who charged into participate in the fight during the raw brawl and one of
the right-wing person. He was wearing a mouse.
I don't know who he was allegedly had, uh,
hit her on her head, near her head on her neck, somewhere like that.
She was knocked out.
I recognize this woman from her activism that day as the
person who, um,
sabotage the sound equipment when James Damore came to Portland state in
February of last year, that was an event that I was involved in organizing, uh,
Portland state university.
Just explain to people,
James DeMaurice is the author of the Google memo that was talking about women in
tech. That was wildly misrepresented.
What he had said, and people had claimed that he was this awful sexist.
Even the CEO of YouTube said that he enforced harmful gender stereotypes,
where while he was citing, um,
evolutionary psychology and the citing all these different studies on
why women gravitate towards particular fields and even a page and a half
encouraging, uh,
or strategy try strategies to encourage more women to get an attack.
But it was basically in response to things that Google had written about
dealing with the lack of women in tech. What, what is the problem here?
They were looking for very particular answer, which was sexism.
And he was saying, well,
it actually has more to do with the choices that women sort of naturally tend to
gravitate towards.
And he was saying that there was a way to possibly encourage women to
get into technology. And he devised these strategies to do so,
but it was wildly misrepresented. And he,
if you meet the guy and I've had him on the podcast,
he is a soft-spoken sweetheart of a guy is not,
not a massage is not a mean spirited person.
He was merely looking at the results of studies and he was looking at real raw
data.
And this real tendency that certain people have to gravitate
towards certain positions in life.
Yeah. So there was so many misconceptions about gene somewhere, which is why,
uh, the student group I was involved in was invited him to come.
But Anthony found the allies just could not take the other,
tried to shut down the event. They tried to get it canceled. Um, at that event,
this one woman, she, uh,
damaged the sound equipment as she was trying to shut it down,
she pulled all these quotes out and pushed the soundboard on the ground.
It broke. So I recognize her from that day, she was named in the media. Um,
and then on may day recognized her. So I named her, I said,
this is the name of the woman who was knocked out. I recognize her from, uh,
the James Damore event, uh, protests, where she had dominated equipment.
And Antifa had spun that around as me doxing her.
And that's not doxing.
Doxing is where you release people's personal details such as where they work,
where they live, their phone numbers with the,
so that people who identified her. I named her. Yes,
but she had been identified in the media before she was a big local activist.
So that's basically it. Other than you writing these stories,
criticizing their behavior.
What's disturbing to me beyond disturbing was legitimate journalists
that were making excuses for why you got beat
up.
And people saying things like play stupid games,
win stupid prizes. I saw stuff like that. That pick a better hobby.
I saw a guy right. That, you know, antifascists will rule. You know,
Portland's not your place.
I saw all this crazy from people with blue check marks that were saying that
this is what happens when you support fascism.
And I was so baffled by this. Like I read some of your stuff.
I haven't read all of it, admittedly, but I've read some of your stuff.
None of it came off as you supporting fascism, it came off as you,
maybe at the worst case scenario,
being a contrarian and not wanting to go with this sort of left
wing ideology.
That is so widespread throughout the Pacific Northwest. But I didn't,
I didn't see any, I mean, first of all,
you're not a white guy. We should be explained to people.
You are Vietnamese and you know,
you're what they would consider a member of a protected class.
You're not just a minority. You're openly gay.
You mean your, your, uh, what, what do you consider yourself politically?
I've been avoiding labels for a while. I think, um,
it's interesting that the lot of the coverage on what happened to me always
qualified my, um,
who I am as like a conservative journalists.
Well, the worst thing is the way they're labeled Colette.
They said you work for far right. Newspaper magazine, Quilla,
which is not the case at all. That's not true.
I think the subtle, I mean,
the dog whistles that they're trying to say in there that this person deserved
it. And these are the same people who always talk about believes the victim.
They were the ones who jumped on to believe justice Molette. Um,
but, uh, I guess I was the wrong type of victim. Well, yeah.
Exactly. Because even though you are you're,
you seem like a very nice person and you aren't doing anything violent. You,
you were supporting the wrong thing or not supporting them, not supporting,
not just blindly supporting what Antifa is involved
with, which is what I mean. That is what fascism is. I mean,
if you can't even question some of the more heinous things that mean clearly
heinous things, they're doing just macing people in the audience,
macing people in the crowd, just pointing it at people, yelling and screaming,
hitting each other with things. When you're wearing masks,
getting involved in these brawls. It's so stupid.
It's so stupid to watch.
It's like this is base human behavior and it's worst example.
And the fact that this dumb mayor thinks that this is a good idea to let this
play itself out. This is how people get shot.
This is how people die when you allow a certain amount of violence.
And when you condone or don't do anything with violence that you can't defend,
like violence against a person like yourself.
I saw those guys hitting you in the back of the head,
throwing milkshakes at you where you're just trying to walk away.
You weren't doing anything.
Yeah. You, you asked me at the beginning, how did I get the,
the brain hemorrhage? So the video that's gone viral out there,
such as the second half of the beating.
I don't know if there's video the first half, hopefully, um,
there's drew CCTV or something,
but the first there are more hits to my face on my head.
And so when I went to the hospital, uh,
because of the nature of the contusions on my head, they did a CT scan in the,
um, in the ER and that confirmed the sub arachnoid hemorrhage.
So what started it? What, what was the, why did you get hit?
Okay.
29Th of June. Okay. Uh, that would be 10, 11 days ago from now.
And so there was that demonstration happening.
Antifa was rallying to oppose the far right. They claim of pose fascists.
I came, I was excited to use my new GoPro. I was a bit nervous. Um, speaking,
um, I going to the Vanna was nervous because I'd been targeted just, um,
two months earlier. Right. Uh,
I left my house with the helmet and got in my car.
Saw briefly you wear a helmet. I had a helmet.
I did have one, a reflection on myself, took it off,
decided I don't want anybody there to get them pressuring that I can't.
Cause they already accused me of being a Nazi in fall. Right.
And white supremacists.
I didn't want any of them to then perceive me by the fact that I came to the
helmet as possibly a combatant. So I left that at home.
White supremacist. Is that.
Possible in their eyes? Yes. Hilarious.
And.
I mean, this goes to the bigger issue that I've taken issue with,
how flippant people use these organizations of not just racist or being
Nazi or far. Right.
But it's like what part of what makes Antifa so dangerous is that they
feel that they are morally justified in their
brutality and they get actually a lot of morale
from progressive and left-wing media. So,
um, after talking about what the attacker would like to talk about,
how the actual militant, Antifa people is very small,
those who are going out and doing the violence,
the law group in those that I find more concerning actually
are the nonviolent interfere, Antifa, find those.
More concerning.
Because they work to mainstream,
Antifa tactics and ideas.
Like now doxing by Antifa is not even is kind of seen as
well. These people deserve it. Um,
like do people not realize like when your docs and your peoples,
you know, releasing your addresses happened to me,
your family's address out it,
it puts this constant state of fear in you, even when you're in your own home.
Like, I don't know if they realize that. Um, so the, the doxing,
and then of course, you know, the punch,
the Nazi meme was meant to be cute and funny. Um,
but when they label such a large segment of the population has not seeds, it's,
it's going after a lot of people who, um,
are innocent and law abiding such as myself. They're also.
Calling Jewish people Nazis. It's insane.
And then now more recently, the,
the milkshake and Luiseno says cute nonviolent form of political dissent.
As you saw on the video, after I was getting beaten, I was trying to get away.
Then they were pelting all these liquids at my head and in my
face and not blinded me. I couldn't even see really which way to leave.
So to backtrack a little bit, sorry,
I'm jumping all over the March who was writing the Hartford downtown
justify justifiers was attack. They were chanting. No hate, no fear.
This is irony of it.
I remember that very clearly the crowd was chanting that I was walking towards
the front of the demonstration,
thought I would get a wide angle shot on my golf GoPro before I could get there.
Somebody batches me really hard in the back of the head and I've never been in a
fight. Um, Mr. Rogan.
So I didn't even realize what had happened to me.
I was knocked for as soon as I caught my footing,
the punches kept coming from every direction. And all I could see was like,
um, people,
just some block with Mohs and most of them that were hitting me out on these
gloves that have the hardened knuckles.
I think it's like a slap gloves or.
Tactical gloves.
And it was just endless. And I could see in the background, like, um,
this was in front of the justice center. This is the other sad irony.
So in broad daylight,
in the hotter downtown steps,
away from the central police precinct from the Sheriff's office,
this beating happening, no police intervene at any point. I don't really see it.
I don't know. I, nobody came to my aid at any point before, during or after.
So this happens out of nowhere. You get blindsided. The back of the head,
a bunch of people punch you mean how many times do you think you got hit.
Maybe six or more?
The,
the fact that people dismiss this as not being a big deal is really horrific to
me, the fact that the people that are in Antifa that are nonviolent folks,
which I think I'm glad you brought that up. Cause I was going to bring that up.
That it's the extreme of the extremists, right?
It's the people that think that there's a call for violence and this is a reason
to do it. And even someone like yourself, that is a nonviolent person.
I was just there as a journalist, that there is a justification for just,
just for whatever reason you want.
Just go up to that person and start hitting them.
Even though they're not a threat,
even though they're not doing anything to harm anybody,
even though they're not putting anybody in danger, they're,
they're just being a journalist and you feel like you could justify hitting
them. It's really disgusting.